STREAMS-1693 - Enhance install guide (#60)
Axway/streams-open-docs: content/en/docs/install/_index.md

* Add `--set imagePullSecrets[0].name="${REGISTRY_SECRET_NAME}"` in the Helm Chart installation command.

In case you want to use a custom Docker Registry, you should modify accordingly the `images.repository` used for Streams images.
For Axway [DockerHub](https://hub.docker.com/) :

> * Add `--set images.repository=axway` in the Helm Chart installation command.

Author: I don't know if it's relevant to explain how setting the value for the Axway DockerHub as it's the default one.

Reviewer: I agree and suggested a change

Reviewer 2: Yes I was thinking the same way but it was for given an example.

> In case you want to use a custom Docker Registry, you should modify accordingly the `images.repository` used for Streams images.
> For Axway [DockerHub](https://hub.docker.com/) :
> 
> * Add `--set images.repository=axway` in the Helm Chart installation command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In case you want to use a custom Docker registry, you should set `images.repository` to your custom registry (see [Docker registry parameters](#docker-registry-parameters)).
```

> * Add `--set images.repository=axway` in the Helm Chart installation command.

Reviewer: I agree with that, but would nearly scrap the whole paragraph though, see https://github.com/Axway/streams-open-docs/pull/60#discussion_r565389853 and https://github.com/Axway/streams-open-docs/pull/60#discussion_r565368297

> * Add `--set images.repository=axway` in the Helm Chart installation command.

Reviewer 3: fair enough.

* Add `--set imagePullSecrets[0].name="${REGISTRY_SECRET_NAME}"` in the Helm Chart installation command.

> In case you want to use a custom Docker registry, you should set `images.repository` accordingly to your custom registry (see [Streams parameters](#streams-parameters)).

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
To use a custom Docker registry, set `images.repository` accordingly to your custom registry (see [Streams parameters](#streams-parameters)).
```

###### TLS

> In order to configure the TLS communication between MariaDB and Streams microservices, you have to provide a CA certificate, a server certificate and a server key.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
To configure the TLS communication between MariaDB and Streams microservices, provide a CA certificate, a server certificate and a server key.
```

> You can follow the official documentation provided by Mariadb [Certificate Creation with OpenSSL](https://mariadb.com/kb/en/certificate-creation-with-openssl/) to generate self-signed certificate.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Refer to the official documentation provided by Mariadb [Certificate Creation with OpenSSL](https://mariadb.com/kb/en/certificate-creation-with-openssl/) to generate self-signed certificate.
```

Disabling security is not recommended for production.
{{< /alert >}}

### Ingress settings

Depending on your Cloud provider, deploying a load balancer may require additional parameters (refer to your own Cloud provider for further details).

> For instance, if you use AWS, you must define the load balancer type (See the [Reference Architecture](/docs/architecture#load-balancer) for further details with regards to this choice) by setting the [Helm parameters](#helm-parameters) `ingress-nginx.controller.service.annotations.service.beta.kubernetes.io/aws-load-balancer-type` to `nlb`. For instance:

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
For instance, for AWS, you must define the load balancer type (see the [Reference Architecture](/docs/architecture#load-balancer) for further details with regards to this choice) by setting the [Helm parameters](#helm-parameters) `ingress-nginx.controller.service.annotations.service.beta.kubernetes.io/aws-load-balancer-type` to `nlb`:
```

* Add `--set "ingress-nginx.controller.service.annotations.service\.beta\.kubernetes\.io/aws-load-balancer-type"="nlb"` in the Helm Chart installation command.

#### Ingress hostname

> You must specify a hostname for the ingress installed with Streams helm chart. You can change it with the `ingress.host` parameter. Throughout this documentation, we are using _k8s.yourdomain.tld_ as an example value.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
You must specify a hostname for the ingress installed with Streams helm chart:
 
 * Use `ingress.host` parameter to specify the hostname. 
 
{{< alert title="Note" >}}Throughout this documentation, we use _k8s.yourdomain.tld_ as an example hostname value.{{< /alert >}}
```

> If you do not have one yet, you can use any temporary value and edit it later.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
If you do not have a hostname yet, use a temporary value and edit it later.
```

> For instance, for testing purpose, you should install Streams and use the DNS name generated by your cloud provider load balancer. You can retrieve it by using the following command:

Reviewer 5: @lbadenhop Need your help to rephrase.

> For instance, for testing purpose, you should install Streams and use the DNS name generated by your cloud provider load balancer. You can retrieve it by using the following command:

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
It is recommended that for testing purposes that you install Streams and use the DNS name generated by your cloud provider load balancer. Use the following command to retrieve the DNS name:
```

```sh
export NAMESPACE="my-namespace"

kubectl -n ${NAMESPACE} get ing streams -o jsonpath='{.status.loadBalancer.ingress[*].hostname}'
```

Then upgrade your Streams installation with the [Helm parameters](#helm-parameters) `ingress.host` set with the DNS name retrieved previously (Refer to the [Helm upgrade](#upgrade) for further details).

#### Ingress TLS

SSL/TLS is enabled by default on the embedded Ingress controller. If you don't provide a certificate, SSL will be enabled with a NGINX embedded fake SSL certificate.

> You can provide a SSL/TLS certificate for the domain name you are using (either CN or SAN fields should match the `ingress.host` [Helm parameter](#helm-parameters)):

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
To provide a SSL/TLS certificate for the domain name you are using (either CN or SAN fields should match the `ingress.host` [Helm parameter](#helm-parameters)):
```

Disabling security is not recommended for production.
{{< /alert >}}

### Ingress settings

> Depending of your Cloud provider, deploying a load balancer may required additional parameters (refer to your own Cloud provider for further details).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Depending on your Cloud provider, deploying a load balancer may require additional parameters (refer to your own Cloud provider for further details).
```

> For instance, if you use AWS, you must define the load balancer type (See the [Reference Architecture](/docs/architecture#load-balancer) for further details in this choice) by setting the [Helm parameters](#helm-parameters) `ingress-nginx.controller.service.annotations.service.beta.kubernetes.io/aws-load-balancer-type` to `nlb`. For instance:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
For instance, if you use AWS, you must define the load balancer type (See the [Reference Architecture](/docs/architecture#load-balancer) for further details with regards to this choice) by setting the [Helm parameters](#helm-parameters) `ingress-nginx.controller.service.annotations.service.beta.kubernetes.io/aws-load-balancer-type` to `nlb`. For instance:
```

* Add `--set "ingress-nginx.controller.service.annotations.service\.beta\.kubernetes\.io/aws-load-balancer-type"="nlb"` in the Helm Chart installation command.

#### Ingress hostname

> You must specify a hostname for the ingress installed with the helm Streams. You can change it with the `ingress.host` parameter. Throughout this documentation, we are using _k8s.yourdomain.tld_ as an example value.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
You must specify a hostname for the ingress installed with Streams helm chart. You can change it with the `ingress.host` parameter. Throughout this documentation, we are using _k8s.yourdomain.tld_ as an example value.
```

If you do not have one yet, you can use any temporary value and edit it later.

> For instance, for testing purpose, you should install Streams and use the DNS name generated by your load balancer Cloud provider. You can retrieve it by using the following command:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
For instance, for testing purpose, you should install Streams and use the DNS name generated by your cloud provider load balancer. You can retrieve it by using the following command:
```

```sh
export NAMESPACE="my-namespace"

kubectl -n ${NAMESPACE} get ing streams -o jsonpath='{.status.loadBalancer.ingress[*].hostname}'
```

> Then upgrade your Streams installation with the [Helm parameters](#helm-parameters) `ingress.host` set with the previous retrieved DNS name (Refer to the [Helm upgrade](#upgrade) for further details).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Then upgrade your Streams installation with the [Helm parameters](#helm-parameters) `ingress.host` set with the DNS name retrieved previously (Refer to the [Helm upgrade](#upgrade) for further details).
```

To disable SSL/TLS (not recommended for production use), see [Helm parameters](#helm-parameters).

#### Ingress CORS

Cross-Origin Resource Sharing (CORS) is enabled by default with the default values defined in [Nginx documentation](https://kubernetes.github.io/ingress-nginx/user-guide/nginx-configuration/annotations/#enable-cors). You can disable it by setting the [Helm parameters](#helm-parameters) `ingress.annotations.nginx.ingress.kubernetes.io/enable-cors` to `"false"`.

> Otherwise, you can configure it by adding annotations to the `ingress` parameter (See the [Nginx documentation](https://kubernetes.github.io/ingress-nginx/user-guide/nginx-configuration/annotations/#enable-cors) for further details).

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
Otherwise, you can configure it by adding annotations to the `ingress` parameter (refer to [Nginx documentation](https://kubernetes.github.io/ingress-nginx/user-guide/nginx-configuration/annotations/#enable-cors) for further details).
```

> Otherwise, you can configure it by adding annotations to the `ingress` parameter (refer to [Nginx documentation](https://kubernetes.github.io/ingress-nginx/user-guide/nginx-configuration/annotations/#enable-cors) for further details).

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Otherwise, you can configure it by adding annotations to the `ingress` parameter (refer to [Nginx documentation](https://kubernetes.github.io/ingress-nginx/user-guide/nginx-configuration/annotations/#enable-cors) for further details):
```

> For example, you can specify a value to the _cors allow origin_ configuration with the `ingress.annotations.nginx.ingress.kubernetes.io/cors-allow-origin` parameter. For instance, if you want to allow cross origin request from the domain name `https://origin-site.com`:

Reviewer 5: @lbadenhop Need to reduce the use of "For example", "For instance".

> * Add `--set "ingress.annotations.nginx\.ingress\.kubernetes\.io/cors-allow-origin"="https://origin-site.com"` in the Helm Chart installation command.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
 * Add `--set "ingress.annotations.nginx\.ingress\.kubernetes\.io/cors-allow-origin"="https://origin-site.com"` in the Helm Chart installation command.
```

To disable SSL/TLS (not recommended for production use), see [Helm parameters](#helm-parameters).

#### Ingress CORS

> Cross-Origin Resource Sharing (CORS) is enabled by default with the default values defined in the [Nginx documentation](https://kubernetes.github.io/ingress-nginx/user-guide/nginx-configuration/annotations/#enable-cors). You can disable it by setting the [Helm parameters](#helm-parameters) `ingress.annotations.nginx.ingress.kubernetes.io/enable-cors` to `"false"`.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Cross-Origin Resource Sharing (CORS) is enabled by default with the default values defined in [Nginx documentation](https://kubernetes.github.io/ingress-nginx/user-guide/nginx-configuration/annotations/#enable-cors). You can disable it by setting the [Helm parameters](#helm-parameters) `ingress.annotations.nginx.ingress.kubernetes.io/enable-cors` to `"false"`.
```

Otherwise, you can configure it by adding annotations to the `ingress` parameter (See the [Nginx documentation](https://kubernetes.github.io/ingress-nginx/user-guide/nginx-configuration/annotations/#enable-cors) for further details).

> For example, you can specify another value to the _cors allow origin_ configuration with the `ingress.annotations.nginx.ingress.kubernetes.io/cors-allow-origin` parameter. For instance:

Reviewer 6: ```suggestion
For example, you can specify another value to the _cors allow origin_ configuration with the `ingress.annotations.nginx.ingress.kubernetes.io/cors-allow-origin` parameter. For instance, if you want to allow cross origin request from the domain name _https://origin-site.com_:
```

> For example, you can specify another value to the _cors allow origin_ configuration with the `ingress.annotations.nginx.ingress.kubernetes.io/cors-allow-origin` parameter. For instance:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
You can specify a value to the _cors allow origin_ configuration with the `ingress.annotations.nginx.ingress.kubernetes.io/cors-allow-origin` parameter. For instance:
```

> * Add `--set "ingress.annotations.nginx\.ingress\.kubernetes\.io/cors-allow-origin"="http(s)://origin-site.com:port"` in the Helm Chart installation command.

Reviewer 6: ```suggestion
* Add `--set "ingress.annotations.nginx\.ingress\.kubernetes\.io/cors-allow-origin"="https://origin-site.com"` in the Helm Chart installation command.
```

### Helm parameters

#### Docker registry parameters

| Parameter                             | Description                         | Mandatory | Default value |
| ------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------- | --------- | ------------- |
| imagePullSecrets[0].name              | Image registry keys                 | no        |               |

> 

Author: ```suggestion
| images.repository                     | Streams Images repository           | yes       | axway         |

```

Reviewer 2: images.repository is only for Streams, so it has been added under Streams section.

Author: imagePullSecrets[0].name is only for Streams too

| ingress.tlsSecretName                 | Embedded ingress SSL/TLS certificate secret name | no | streams-ingress-tls-secret |
| ingress-nginx.controller.metrics.enabled | Activate metrics endpoint for Ingress controller | no | false |

#### Streams parameters

| Parameter                             | Description                         | Mandatory | Default value |
| ------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------- | --------- | ------------- |

> | images.repository                     | Streams Images repository           | yes       | axway         |

Author: I will this parameter in the Docker registry parameters section (see suggestion comment above)

Reviewer 2: As it is only related to Streams, it could be confused to add it in a general section.

| streams.extraCertificatesSecrets      | List of secrets containing TLS certs to add as trusted by Streams | no | [] |
| actuator.prometheus.enabled           | Activate metrics endpoints for Streams services | no | false    |
| streams.serviceArgs.spring.datasource.hikari.maxLifetime | Maximum lifetime in milliseconds for a Streams database connection | no | 280000 |

#### Monitoring parameters

| Parameter                             | Description                         | Mandatory | Default value |
| ------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------- | --------- | ------------- |
| embeddedMariadb.metrics.enabled       | Activate metrics endpoint for MariaDB | no      | false         |
| zookeeper.metrics.enabled             | Activate metrics endpoint for Zookeeper | no    | false         |
| embeddedKafka.metrics.jmx.enabled     | Activate metrics endpoint for Kafka | no        | false         |
| ingress-nginx.controller.metrics.enabled | Activate metrics endpoint for Ingress controller | no | false |
| actuator.prometheus.enabled           | Activate metrics endpoints for Streams services | no | false    |

{{< alert title="Note" >}}

> If you want to configure a parameter from a dependency chart ([MariaDB](https://github.com/bitnami/charts/tree/master/bitnami/mariadb), [Kafka](https://github.com/bitnami/charts/tree/master/bitnami/kafka), [Zookeeper](https://github.com/bitnami/charts/tree/master/bitnami/zookeeper) or [Nginx](https://github.com/kubernetes/ingress-nginx)), you need to add the chart prefix name to the command line argument. For example:

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
If you want to configure a parameter from a dependency chart ([MariaDB](https://github.com/bitnami/charts/tree/master/bitnami/mariadb), [Kafka](https://github.com/bitnami/charts/tree/master/bitnami/kafka), [Zookeeper](https://github.com/bitnami/charts/tree/master/bitnami/zookeeper) or [Nginx](https://github.com/kubernetes/ingress-nginx)), you must add the chart prefix name to the command line argument. For example:
```

### Monitoring

Streams ships with monitoring. You can activate metrics with the parameters listed in [Monitoring parameters](#monitoring-parameters),
which will open endpoints designed to be scrapped by [Prometheus](https://prometheus.io).

> {{< alert title="Note" >}}Enabled monitoring can increase CPU and memory loads.{{< /alert >}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{< alert title="Note" >}}Enabling monitoring can increase CPU and memory loads.{{< /alert >}}
```

> {{< alert title="Note" >}}Enabled monitoring can increase CPU and memory loads.{{< /alert >}}

Reviewer: Would it make more sense to move this whole section so that it follows the "Add self-signed TLS certificates" one ?

Author: I agree but I'm wait for other opinions before committing

Reviewer 2: Could you be more specific please?

```sh
export NAMESPACE="my-namespace"
export HELM_RELEASE_NAME="my-release"
export REGISTRY_SECRET_NAME="my-registry-secret-name"

kubectl -n "${NAMESPACE}" delete secrets "${REGISTRY_SECRET_NAME}" streams-database-passwords-secret streams-database-secret streams-kafka-passwords-secret streams-kafka-client-jks-secret "${HELM_RELEASE_NAME}-ingress-nginx-admission
```

> In case you have provided your own SSL/TLS certificate for the ingress, you can also delete it by doing :

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
If you provided your own SSL/TLS certificate for the ingress, you can use the following command to delete it:
```
